Rebranding (#415)
celestiaorg/lazyledger-core: README.md

Before contributing to the project, please take a look at the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
and the [style guide](STYLE_GUIDE.md).

> Join the community at [Telegram](https://t.me/CelestiaCommunity) or jump onto the [Forum](https://talk.lazyledger.io/)

Reviewer: talk.lazyledger.io -> forum.celestia.org

> Join the community at [Telegram](https://t.me/CelestiaCommunity) or jump onto the [Forum](https://talk.lazyledger.io/)

Author: ```suggestion
Join the community at [Telegram](https://t.me/CelestiaCommunity) or jump onto the [Forum](https://forum.celestia.org/)
```

- [LazyLedger Ethereum research post](https://ethresear.ch/t/a-data-availability-blockchain-with-sub-linear-full-block-validation/5503)
- [LazyLedger academic paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.09274)
- [Blog](https://blog.celestia.org)
- [Project web site](https://celestia.org)
- [Academic LazyLedger prototype](https://github.com/LazyLedger/lazyledger-prototype)

> - [Follow LazyLedger on Twitter](https://twitter.com/lazyledger_io)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Follow Celestia on Twitter](https://twitter.com/CelestiaOrg)
```
